New: Easier route to menu setup (fixes #29) (#30)
cgkineo/adapt-navigationLogo: README.md

>>**alt** (sring): This text becomes the image’s [alt](https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt_framework/wiki/Providing-good-alt-text) attribute.

> >**\_routeToLocation** (string): When set to a valid Adapt element, the logo image will link to the specified location. Valid values include a page (e.g. `co-100`) or a menu (e.g. `course`). `@course` can used to always returns to the main menu of the course..

Reviewer: Typo fixes
```suggestion
>**\_routeToLocation** (string): When set to a valid Adapt element, the logo image will link to the specified location. Valid values include a page (e.g. `co-100`) or a menu (e.g. `course`). `@course` can be used to always return to the main menu of the course.
```
